feat: add a small blog post about 5 yrs of ublue (#391)
ublue-os/aurora-docs: blog/2026-07-21-universal-blue-turning-five.md

---
title: Universal Blue turning five!
description: Universal Blue turning five!
slug: universal-blue-five
authors:
  - niklas
---

Hello stargazers!

> Today is an awesome day, our parent project is turning five years old. Can you believe it?? I can't. Aurora has now been part of that journey for over 2 out of the 5 years, which is already an amazing timeframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today is an awesome day, our parent project, Universal Blue, has turned five years old. Can you believe it?? I can't. Aurora has now been part of that journey for over 2 out of the 5 years, which is already an amazing timeframe.
```

> Today is an awesome day, our parent project Universal Blue has turned five years old. Can you believe it?? I can't. Aurora has now been part of that journey for over 2 out of the 5 years, which is already an amazing timeframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today is an awesome day, our parent project, Universal Blue, has turned five years old. Can you believe it?? I can't. Aurora has now been part of that journey for over 2 out of the 5 years, which is already an amazing timeframe.
```
